docs(listeners): Updates ingress and route listener procedures (#7842)
strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator: documentation/modules/security/proc-accessing-kafka-using-routes.adoc

Per-broker connections are then established using DNS names, which route traffic from the client to the broker through the broker-specific routes and services.

To connect to a broker, you specify a hostname for the route bootstrap address, as well as the certificate used for authentication.

For access using routes, the port is always 443.

WARNING: An OpenShift route address comprises the name of the Kafka cluster, the name of the listener, and the name of the project it is created in.
For example, `my-cluster-kafka-listener1-bootstrap-myproject` (<cluster_name>-kafka-<listener_name>-bootstrap-<namespace>). Be careful that the whole length of the address does not exceed a maximum limit of 63 characters.

.TLS passthrough

TLS passthrough is enabled for routes created by Strimzi.
Kafka uses a binary protocol over TCP, but routes are designed to work with a HTTP protocol. 
To be able to route TCP traffic through routes, Strimzi uses TLS passthrough with Server Name Indication (SNI).

SNI helps with identifying and passing connection to Kafka brokers.
In passthrough mode, TLS encryption is always used.

> Because the connection passes to the brokers, the listeners use TLS certificates signed by the internal cluster CA and not the ingrress certificates.

Reviewer: typo "ingrress"

[id='proc-accessing-kafka-using-routes-{context}']
= Accessing Kafka using OpenShift routes

[role="_abstract"]
Use OpenShift routes to access a Strimzi Kafka cluster from clients outside the OpenShift cluster.

> Routes support connections from from HTTP and HTTPS-based applications.

Reviewer 2: Again, this is confusing if not directly followed by the TLS passthrough explanation.

Author: Removed

To be able to use routes, add configuration for a `route` type listener in the `Kafka` custom resource. 
When applied, the configuration creates a dedicated route and service for an external bootstrap and each broker in the cluster. 
Clients connect to the bootstrap route, which routes them through the bootstrap service to connect to a broker. 
Per-broker connections are then established using DNS names, which route traffic from the client to the broker through the broker-specific routes and services.

To connect to a broker, you specify a hostname for the route bootstrap address, as well as the certificate used for authentication.

For access using routes, the port is always 443.

WARNING: An OpenShift route address comprises the name of the Kafka cluster, the name of the listener, and the name of the project it is created in.
For example, `my-cluster-kafka-listener1-bootstrap-myproject` (<cluster_name>-kafka-<listener_name>-bootstrap-<namespace>). Be careful that the whole length of the address does not exceed a maximum limit of 63 characters.

.TLS passthrough

> TLS passthrough is enabled for routes created by AMQ Streams.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
TLS passthrough is enabled for routes created by Strimzi.
```

[source,shell]
----
NAME                                  HOST/PORT                                                   SERVICES                              PORT  TERMINATION
my-cluster-kafka-listener1-0          my-cluster-kafka-listener1-0-my-project.router.com          my-cluster-kafka-listener1-0          9094  passthrough
my-cluster-kafka-listener1-1          my-cluster-kafka-listener1-1-my-project.router.com          my-cluster-kafka-listener1-1          9094  passthrough
my-cluster-kafka-listener1-2          my-cluster-kafka-listener1-2-my-project.router.com          my-cluster-kafka-listener1-2          9094  passthrough
my-cluster-kafka-listener1-bootstrap  my-cluster-kafka-listener1-bootstrap-my-project.router.com  my-cluster-kafka-listener1-bootstrap  9094  passthrough
----
+
The DNS addresses used for client connection are propagated to the `status` of each route.
+
.Example status for the bootstrap route
[source,yaml]
----
status:
  ingress:
    - host: >-
        my-cluster-kafka-listener1-bootstrap-my-project.router.com
 # ...
----

. Use a target broker to check the client-server TLS connection on port 443 using the OpenSSL `s_client`.  
+
[source,shell]
----

> openssl s_client -connect my-cluster-kafka-0:443 -servername my-cluster-kafka-0 -showcerts

Reviewer 2: Again, I think you should use the Route address here: `my-cluster-kafka-listener1-0-my-project.router.com`
